@string/appbar_scrolling_view_behavior;/home/jaysonx/Desktop/core/projects/personal/anything C#/calculators/obj/Debug/net7.0-android/lp/154/jl/res/layout/fragment_backstack.xml
@string/appbar_scrolling_view_behavior;/home/jaysonx/Desktop/core/projects/personal/anything C#/calculators/obj/Debug/net7.0-android/lp/154/jl/res/layout/navigationlayout.xml
adaptive-icon;obj/Debug/net7.0-android/resizetizer/r/mipmap-anydpi-v26/appicon_round.xml
adaptive-icon;obj/Debug/net7.0-android/resizetizer/r/mipmap-anydpi-v26/appicon.xml
alpha;/home/jaysonx/Desktop/core/projects/personal/anything C#/calculators/obj/Debug/net7.0-android/lp/151/jl/res/anim/enterfromleft.xml
alpha;/home/jaysonx/Desktop/core/projects/personal/anything C#/calculators/obj/Debug/net7.0-android/lp/151/jl/res/anim/exittoleft.xml
alpha;/home/jaysonx/Desktop/core/projects/personal/anything C#/calculators/obj/Debug/net7.0-android/lp/154/jl/res/anim/nav_default_enter_anim.xml
alpha;/home/jaysonx/Desktop/core/projects/personal/anything C#/calculators/obj/Debug/net7.0-android/lp/154/jl/res/anim/nav_default_exit_anim.xml
alpha;/home/jaysonx/Desktop/core/projects/personal/anything C#/calculators/obj/Debug/net7.0-android/lp/154/jl/res/anim/nav_default_pop_enter_anim.xml
alpha;/home/jaysonx/Desktop/core/projects/personal/anything C#/calculators/obj/Debug/net7.0-android/lp/154/jl/res/anim/nav_default_pop_exit_anim.xml
androidx.coordinatorlayout.widget.CoordinatorLayout;/home/jaysonx/Desktop/core/projects/personal/anything C#/calculators/obj/Debug/net7.0-android/lp/151/jl/res/layout/shellcontent.xml
androidx.coordinatorlayout.widget.CoordinatorLayout;/home/jaysonx/Desktop/core/projects/personal/anything C#/calculators/obj/Debug/net7.0-android/lp/154/jl/res/layout/navigationlayout.xml
androidx.drawerlayout.widget.DrawerLayout;/home/jaysonx/Desktop/core/projects/personal/anything C#/calculators/obj/Debug/net7.0-android/lp/154/jl/res/layout/drawer_layout.xml
androidx.fragment.app.FragmentContainerView;/home/jaysonx/Desktop/core/projects/personal/anything C#/calculators/obj/Debug/net7.0-android/lp/154/jl/res/layout/fragment_backstack.xml
androidx.fragment.app.FragmentContainerView;/home/jaysonx/Desktop/core/projects/personal/anything C#/calculators/obj/Debug/net7.0-android/lp/154/jl/res/layout/navigationlayout.xml
attr;/home/jaysonx/Desktop/core/projects/personal/anything C#/calculators/obj/Debug/net7.0-android/lp/152/jl/res/values/attrs.xml
attr;/home/jaysonx/Desktop/core/projects/personal/anything C#/calculators/obj/Debug/net7.0-android/lp/154/jl/res/values/attr.xml
background;obj/Debug/net7.0-android/resizetizer/r/mipmap-anydpi-v26/appicon_round.xml
background;obj/Debug/net7.0-android/resizetizer/r/mipmap-anydpi-v26/appicon.xml
bitmap;obj/Debug/net7.0-android/resizetizer/sp/drawable-v31/maui_splash_image.xml
bitmap;obj/Debug/net7.0-android/resizetizer/sp/drawable/maui_splash_image.xml
cache-path;/home/jaysonx/Desktop/core/projects/personal/anything C#/calculators/obj/Debug/net7.0-android/lp/155/jl/res/xml/microsoft_maui_essentials_fileprovider_file_paths.xml
color;/home/jaysonx/Desktop/core/projects/personal/anything C#/calculators/obj/Debug/net7.0-android/lp/154/jl/res/values/colors.xml
color;obj/Debug/net7.0-android/res/values/colors.xml
color;obj/Debug/net7.0-android/resizetizer/sp/values/maui_colors.xml
com.google.android.material.appbar.AppBarLayout;/home/jaysonx/Desktop/core/projects/personal/anything C#/calculators/obj/Debug/net7.0-android/lp/151/jl/res/layout/flyoutcontent.xml
com.google.android.material.appbar.AppBarLayout;/home/jaysonx/Desktop/core/projects/personal/anything C#/calculators/obj/Debug/net7.0-android/lp/151/jl/res/layout/shellcontent.xml
com.google.android.material.appbar.AppBarLayout;/home/jaysonx/Desktop/core/projects/personal/anything C#/calculators/obj/Debug/net7.0-android/lp/154/jl/res/layout/navigationlayout.xml
com.google.android.material.appbar.MaterialToolbar;/home/jaysonx/Desktop/core/projects/personal/anything C#/calculators/obj/Debug/net7.0-android/lp/152/jl/res/layout/toolbar.xml
com.google.android.material.tabs.TabLayout;/home/jaysonx/Desktop/core/projects/personal/anything C#/calculators/obj/Debug/net7.0-android/lp/152/jl/res/layout/tabbar.xml
declare-styleable;/home/jaysonx/Desktop/core/projects/personal/anything C#/calculators/obj/Debug/net7.0-android/lp/152/jl/res/values/attrs.xml
declare-styleable;/home/jaysonx/Desktop/core/projects/personal/anything C#/calculators/obj/Debug/net7.0-android/lp/154/jl/res/values/attr.xml
external-cache-path;/home/jaysonx/Desktop/core/projects/personal/anything C#/calculators/obj/Debug/net7.0-android/lp/155/jl/res/xml/microsoft_maui_essentials_fileprovider_file_paths.xml
external-path;/home/jaysonx/Desktop/core/projects/personal/anything C#/calculators/obj/Debug/net7.0-android/lp/155/jl/res/xml/microsoft_maui_essentials_fileprovider_file_paths.xml
foreground;obj/Debug/net7.0-android/resizetizer/r/mipmap-anydpi-v26/appicon_round.xml
foreground;obj/Debug/net7.0-android/resizetizer/r/mipmap-anydpi-v26/appicon.xml
item;/home/jaysonx/Desktop/core/projects/personal/anything C#/calculators/obj/Debug/net7.0-android/lp/152/jl/res/values/styles.xml
item;/home/jaysonx/Desktop/core/projects/personal/anything C#/calculators/obj/Debug/net7.0-android/lp/154/jl/res/drawable/maui_splash.xml
item;/home/jaysonx/Desktop/core/projects/personal/anything C#/calculators/obj/Debug/net7.0-android/lp/154/jl/res/values/styles.xml
item;obj/Debug/net7.0-android/resizetizer/sp/drawable-v31/maui_splash_image.xml
item;obj/Debug/net7.0-android/resizetizer/sp/drawable/maui_splash_image.xml
layer-list;/home/jaysonx/Desktop/core/projects/personal/anything C#/calculators/obj/Debug/net7.0-android/lp/154/jl/res/drawable/maui_splash_image.xml
layer-list;/home/jaysonx/Desktop/core/projects/personal/anything C#/calculators/obj/Debug/net7.0-android/lp/154/jl/res/drawable/maui_splash.xml
layer-list;obj/Debug/net7.0-android/resizetizer/sp/drawable-v31/maui_splash_image.xml
layer-list;obj/Debug/net7.0-android/resizetizer/sp/drawable/maui_splash_image.xml
microsoft.maui.controls.platform.compatibility.ShellFlyoutLayout;/home/jaysonx/Desktop/core/projects/personal/anything C#/calculators/obj/Debug/net7.0-android/lp/151/jl/res/layout/flyoutcontent.xml
paths;/home/jaysonx/Desktop/core/projects/personal/anything C#/calculators/obj/Debug/net7.0-android/lp/155/jl/res/xml/microsoft_maui_essentials_fileprovider_file_paths.xml
resources;/home/jaysonx/Desktop/core/projects/personal/anything C#/calculators/obj/Debug/net7.0-android/lp/151/jl/res/values/strings.xml
resources;/home/jaysonx/Desktop/core/projects/personal/anything C#/calculators/obj/Debug/net7.0-android/lp/152/jl/res/values/attrs.xml
resources;/home/jaysonx/Desktop/core/projects/personal/anything C#/calculators/obj/Debug/net7.0-android/lp/152/jl/res/values/styles.xml
resources;/home/jaysonx/Desktop/core/projects/personal/anything C#/calculators/obj/Debug/net7.0-android/lp/153/jl/res/values/values.xml
resources;/home/jaysonx/Desktop/core/projects/personal/anything C#/calculators/obj/Debug/net7.0-android/lp/154/jl/res/values/attr.xml
resources;/home/jaysonx/Desktop/core/projects/personal/anything C#/calculators/obj/Debug/net7.0-android/lp/154/jl/res/values/colors.xml
resources;/home/jaysonx/Desktop/core/projects/personal/anything C#/calculators/obj/Debug/net7.0-android/lp/154/jl/res/values/styles.xml
resources;obj/Debug/net7.0-android/res/values/colors.xml
resources;obj/Debug/net7.0-android/resizetizer/sp/values/maui_colors.xml
set;/home/jaysonx/Desktop/core/projects/personal/anything C#/calculators/obj/Debug/net7.0-android/lp/151/jl/res/anim/enterfromleft.xml
set;/home/jaysonx/Desktop/core/projects/personal/anything C#/calculators/obj/Debug/net7.0-android/lp/151/jl/res/anim/enterfromright.xml
set;/home/jaysonx/Desktop/core/projects/personal/anything C#/calculators/obj/Debug/net7.0-android/lp/151/jl/res/anim/exittoleft.xml
set;/home/jaysonx/Desktop/core/projects/personal/anything C#/calculators/obj/Debug/net7.0-android/lp/151/jl/res/anim/exittoright.xml
set;/home/jaysonx/Desktop/core/projects/personal/anything C#/calculators/obj/Debug/net7.0-android/lp/154/jl/res/anim/nav_default_enter_anim.xml
set;/home/jaysonx/Desktop/core/projects/personal/anything C#/calculators/obj/Debug/net7.0-android/lp/154/jl/res/anim/nav_default_exit_anim.xml
set;/home/jaysonx/Desktop/core/projects/personal/anything C#/calculators/obj/Debug/net7.0-android/lp/154/jl/res/anim/nav_default_pop_enter_anim.xml
set;/home/jaysonx/Desktop/core/projects/personal/anything C#/calculators/obj/Debug/net7.0-android/lp/154/jl/res/anim/nav_default_pop_exit_anim.xml
string;/home/jaysonx/Desktop/core/projects/personal/anything C#/calculators/obj/Debug/net7.0-android/lp/151/jl/res/values/strings.xml
string;/home/jaysonx/Desktop/core/projects/personal/anything C#/calculators/obj/Debug/net7.0-android/lp/153/jl/res/values/values.xml
style;/home/jaysonx/Desktop/core/projects/personal/anything C#/calculators/obj/Debug/net7.0-android/lp/152/jl/res/values/styles.xml
style;/home/jaysonx/Desktop/core/projects/personal/anything C#/calculators/obj/Debug/net7.0-android/lp/154/jl/res/values/styles.xml
translate;/home/jaysonx/Desktop/core/projects/personal/anything C#/calculators/obj/Debug/net7.0-android/lp/151/jl/res/anim/enterfromleft.xml
translate;/home/jaysonx/Desktop/core/projects/personal/anything C#/calculators/obj/Debug/net7.0-android/lp/151/jl/res/anim/enterfromright.xml
translate;/home/jaysonx/Desktop/core/projects/personal/anything C#/calculators/obj/Debug/net7.0-android/lp/151/jl/res/anim/exittoleft.xml
translate;/home/jaysonx/Desktop/core/projects/personal/anything C#/calculators/obj/Debug/net7.0-android/lp/151/jl/res/anim/exittoright.xml
translate;/home/jaysonx/Desktop/core/projects/personal/anything C#/calculators/obj/Debug/net7.0-android/lp/154/jl/res/anim/nav_default_enter_anim.xml
translate;/home/jaysonx/Desktop/core/projects/personal/anything C#/calculators/obj/Debug/net7.0-android/lp/154/jl/res/anim/nav_default_exit_anim.xml
translate;/home/jaysonx/Desktop/core/projects/personal/anything C#/calculators/obj/Debug/net7.0-android/lp/154/jl/res/anim/nav_default_pop_enter_anim.xml
translate;/home/jaysonx/Desktop/core/projects/personal/anything C#/calculators/obj/Debug/net7.0-android/lp/154/jl/res/anim/nav_default_pop_exit_anim.xml
